Hey, good morning family. Thank you for
joining me today. Well, praise the Lord.
You know, I've been getting all your
letters. I got these
pictures from a 15-year-old
girl praying for her brother to
come home to Jesus. He's been wayward and
he's not home. When I'm
getting these letters, there are so many
of them now that it's overwhelming. It's
all the response to the pictures. I
have so many pictures of people that are
believing God for their unsaved loved
ones and for their marriages—like this lady
right here is praying for her marriage
and
for her hair to stop falling out because
of the stress from the marriage stuff.
I've got so many people.
I thought, 'Man,
if I could just train you all, if I
could just impart to every single one of
you how I've
learned how to stand on
the Word and get the Word down
inside of me, so that you can do
the
same.'The
Lord is no respecter of persons;
it's about how big, how bad is your
'want-to.'As
I'm agreeing with you and standing
with you, the way you'll maintain it
and
keep it is by getting the Word down
inside of your
heart. I've seen people get many miracles.
They get delivered from demonic
spirits
for a little season,
but the Bible says the enemy comes back
with seven more of his
friends, worse than what he was, if they
don't get the Word—if they find the
house is empty. No matter how many
times I pray for every single one of you
and
intercede, the buck stops with
you
ultimately. You will have to learn how to
stand by faith and believe for your own
stuff. The Bible says that you should
know the truth and the truth will set
you
free. Now, I'm going to be your
'two'and
I'm going to agree with you, but you have
to get a foundation of the
Word that is
thick like
concrete—so
strong that
when you build your
house on it, you're not on the sinking
sand or
the quicksand.
You're on the
solid Rock, and the Rock is the
Word. You're going to hide that Word
down in your heart. If you
abide in me and my words
remain in you, you shall ask what you
will and it shall be done. Period.
So we're going to get the Word down
inside our hearts. We're going to get
the Word for every single
person—all
these prayer
requests, all these people with wayward
children, people saying they're
battling with sexual perversions and
homosexuality and wanting to be free
from all these
things.
The Word has to be a priority, and there
are
no shortcuts.
Regardless of what you're
going through, there's nothing too big
and there's nothing too small; the Word
of God will change it all. Do you
understand? The Word has to be the foundation
in your life. You say, 'I don't
understand the Word, I don't like reading
the Word.'Find a version of the Bible
that ministers to you. Don't be religious;
just get into the Word. Regardless of
whatever it is, say, 'Hey, this speaks to me.'Find
that
and meditate on it
continually, because you'll know the
truth and the truth will set you free. No
matter how many people say, 'I've got this going
on
over here, my daughter
likes to play the Ouija board, she has tarot
cards tattooed on her
legs,'the
devil's been defeated.
The Lord is not going to do
anything else about the devil; He
defeated him. He triumphed over him, above
all principalities and powers of might.
He defeated the devil once and for
all, and he's not going to go back and
crucify himself again to deal
with the devil again. Why? Because he's
been defeated. He
was
victorious in every area: death, hell,
and
the grave. He triumphed over
poverty, lack, sickness, and
disease. Everything. He won once and for
all; it's already done. So your devil
problem is you not standing on the
authority of the believer and telling
the devil he has no right or place in
your house. Take your authority. Take
communion—grape juice
or
whatever you
have—daily.
Take
the anointing oil and anoint your house.
I
got this
oil
from some sister in the Lord
and it smells
like frankincense. You can get it on
Amazon and anoint
your house. Go around and anoint your kids
with oil. I put a bloodline
on my kids; I
anoint my windows just like the children
of Israel did when the death angel
passed. They put the lamb's blood
upon the door, and the death angel was
not allowed to come in and kill, steal,
or
destroy.
You apply the blood over
your house by olive oil or whatever you
have and pray, 'Father,
this represents your blood, and I apply
this blood over the doorpost of my house,
my bed, my husband, and my
wife.'We're
going to stand on the Word and not
allow the devil to come in like
a roaring lion seeking whom he may
devour. That means he can't
devour everybody. The ones he can't
devour are
the ones
that have the blood applied upon them. He
cannot devour a blood-washed,
born-again
Christian. I believe with all my heart
there's power and authority in the
name of Jesus and the blood of Jesus.
So you must understand your covenant and
plead the blood over your unsaved
loved ones.
Satan has
blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever,
so
this is what I'm going to tell you to do:
say, according to Ephesians, 'May the eyes
of their understanding be
enlightened, Holy Spirit, and flood their
eyes with light that they would know the
hope of their calling.'Saul
had
a Damascus
road
experience with the Lord
that
shook him from the inside out. He was
blinded for those three days and he
was healed, and the Lord set him on the
course because God had a plan
for his life. No matter how much evil
he
did,
God showed up and showed off
in his life.
I believe that there's no one too
far gone for Jesus to save. They may be
the biggest murderer or the biggest
idolater,
but
God can take them out of that
pit of despair and turn their life
around within just a
second.
Once you're gone and
you're dead, it's over—TKO.
But
no matter how far you think your unsaved
loved ones are, it only
takes one second. I've seen the worst of
the worst sinners when I worked for
Victory Church in Oklahoma City. I saw
people that you would
think have no hope turn around
within just a couple of days.
I remember
one guy who had
planned out his suicide—had the weapon and
everything hidden—and was coming to
church for the last time
before he did himself
in. The power of God hit him in the
middle of the church service and he gave
his heart to Jesus Christ that day.
He told his wife, 'I was
ready to do myself
in,'but
he got radically born again and started
serving at the
church.
My
point
is that there's an expiration
date, but
there is a way to believe for
every single one of
these.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, the only way
they know is by you teaching
them, because you're not getting a lot of
it from your churches.'A
lot of
pastors are
teaching a lukewarm
word—a
30-minute
sermonette.
You may get a
worship service with
jammed-out
music, fog
machines, and
lights, but
you walk away still empty,
wondering,
'What about my
issues? What about my wayward child?
What about
the
diagnosis from the
doctor?'I'm
telling you how you're going to
do it when the rubber meets the road:
you
stand.
Stand therefore! When you get the Word
down in your heart, it becomes a
weapon,
and you speak that Word out
of your mouth because life and death
are
in the power of your tongue. What you are
saying every time you come up against
your circumstances is what you're
going to be facing
tomorrow.
Your words
either make you or break you. Seriously.
You go around saying, 'My marriage is
terrible,'and
you're living
exactly what you said. But you start
saying, 'I'm not moved by what I see
or
feel.
I'm moved
by what the Word says.'Think
on
things that are lovely and
of
a good report.
As the mind goes, the man
follows.
You're snared by
the words of your mouth; that's what the
Bible says. So we've got to
change the way we
think,
because out of the
abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
Your mountain has to hear
your voice! You have to say it
over
and over again.
It's the
consistency—like
a hammer
hitting
a rock.
How long have you been speaking to
your circumstances saying, 'We're never
going to get out of this'?
'Grandma was poor,
we were
poor.'That's
what
you're living.
But Christ redeemed you
from the curse of
the
law. Galatians says Christ has
redeemed me from the curse of the law,
and
generational curses are a curse. I'm
not under the curse, and a curse without
a cause cannot stand.
I anoint
myself with oil and I believe in my covenant.
I
say,
'God, you're going
to get me out of this because you've
already paid the price for
it.'Father,
you said
by your stripes I am healed, regardless
of what my flesh
says.
I'm redeemed
from the curse of the law; I'm not going to
have
heart disease
or
diabetes
because I set the
standard. The Word says that I'm
free, and whom the Son has set free
is free indeed.
Who is this uncircumcised
Philistine that you should try to defy
the armies of the living God? I will go
and slay this giant and cut his head
off!
My God is bigger than
cancer, a bad
marriage,
or
a wayward child. He's able to
do exceedingly, abundantly above all that
I dare ask or think. Today is your day. You have to believe
with your heart and confess with your
mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord. That's
how you got saved, and it's the same way
I believe for everything else.
Today I'm free.
I will not have night
terrors
or
PTSD,
because he was wounded for our
transgressions and bruised for
our
iniquities; the chastisement of
peace was upon him, and with his
stripes we are healed.
God has not given me a spirit of
fear, but of power, of love, and
of a sound mind. I refuse not to have a balanced
mind
because he's already
given me peace.
It's a free gift; I
receive it.
Jesus paid the
price for me to walk in
victory in every area of my life.
Every believer has been given a
measure of
faith.
I am not favored
any more than you are;
I've just been more
obedient and decided
to ground my feet
and say, 'I'm not
moved.'How
bad do you want your
circumstances to change? There's no
shortcuts.
You can go to the gym and look amazing,
or you can eat
and be heavy like me—I'm just
being real with y'all.
I work my spirit
out all the time in the
spiritual gym.
Diana
said,
'Brandon, there's a
difference between people who are
desperate for change versus people who
just want
it handed to
them.'There's
no welfare system
in the spirit
realm.
Welfare is good for a
season if you need it,
but you can't live
there.
There
are
seasons of grace
where
God will
spoon-feed
you
as
a baby,
but
when you become a spiritual adult,
it's like that
eagle that kicks her
eaglets
out of the nest.
It's time for you to flap your wings
and fly, or you're going to die.
No more of this
pacifier Christianity stuff.
We've
got to put on our armor.
Either you put on the armor or
he's going to devour you.
He'll keep poking you
until you say
enough's
enough.
I heard
about
a bully in
school
writing down the names of
people he thought he could whip. This is
the devil.
A kid
saw his name
on that list and
said,
'You can't whip me!
Take my name
off that list.
Greater is He that is in me than
he that is in the
world.'Guess
what? That bully
erased the
name.
That's what you've got to do.
You're not doing this alone.
Christ in you is the hope of
glory. That's why we
take
communion, because we have a covenant.
I choose to
believe in the power and
authority of the blood of Jesus
over my kids.
Make much of the blood, and the blood
will make much of you.
So we lift
up this body and we believe
that
he became sickness for us; this is
the meal that heals.
Father, I believe you're the Healer. I
thank you
that my sins are washed
in your blood.
No generational curse is bigger
than the blood of
Jesus, no matter how big it
is
in your mind.
Find scriptures that
pertain to what you're believing God for.
If you can't
sleep,
the
Bible
says
he gives his beloved sweet, restful
sleep.
The Word will
work if you work
it.
Father, right now in the name of
Jesus, I believe for every single photo.
This South Korean
family is believing
for their family members;
we're believing that
false religion
is broken off of these families.
I agree with them right now that they
are delivered from satanic bondage.
We believe
marriages are strong and her
hair stops falling out.
I call
her brother home in
Jesus'name.
I
call
all the cancer patients and this young
man
bound
by homosexuality free in the
name of Jesus.
Visit them in the midnight
hour.
No one's too far gone.
Receive
your
miracle
in
Jesus'name.
We pray
for
Nicole and her husband. We
thank you
for better jobs
for Tommy
and
favor with the court
systems. For
those
who
have lost their children to
the DHS system,
let
them
get right
and be good parents.
They just
made some bad choices, but they changed
their reprobate minds by the Word of God.
It's the only thing that will ever set
you completely free. You'll never stay
free without the Word
because the devil
comes immediately to challenge
it.
He knows your weak spots.
You've
got to speak it out your mouth: 'Get
out of here in
Jesus'name!'Submit
yourself
unto God, resist the devil, and he will
flee.
Jesus
was tempted on everything,
but he resisted
steadfast.
I'm not
going down that road
again.
I'm not looking at filth on the
internet; I made a covenant with
my eyes.
I
refuse to submit to the devil.
Enough
is
enough.
We don't hate people; we
love them
and
tell them
the truth.
Many
are
one breath away from eternity.
The spirit
realm is
more real than your skin,
but many play with
fire—adultery
and
all
these things.
Father, I thank you
for revival.
We
walk in victory,
going from glory to glory.
I refuse to keep being the
same; I want to come up higher with the
fire.
Those who seek
me will find me.
I
want
that burning bush experience!
Father,
we receive our freedom
today. Thank you,
Lord,
that
Megan
is
healed
and
we're walking in
health.
We have the mind of Christ.
Better
days are ahead of us. My marriage is
strong
and
blessed; we'll
never taste divorce
or
adultery.
You've got to
believe it and speak to your mountain. Father, I thank you. I bind the spirit of strife in the name of Jesus and I command you
to cease and desist. Go in the bathroom or the laundry room and say, 'I bind the spirit of lust and pornography out of my
house. I bind
anger and
abuse.'You take
authority over
that devil. I
bind that
spirit of
rebellion in
my kids. Check what your kids
are listening to and watching. Garbage
in, garbage out. We will not
have a spirit of rebellion in
my house. Spare the rod, spoil the child. God corrects those he loves. I've even gotten spankings from the Holy Ghost before. There seems to
be a topic inside
of my spirit. Say it; say it
again.
God corrects
those he loves
because
he
has
an amazing plan
for your life.
I want to live
on the victory side.
Faith comes by hearing
the Word of God.
We
bless
every person here in the
name of
Jesus. Amen.
Well,
I want to see
you
victorious.
If you liked this video,
please like and subscribe;
it helps us in
the algorithm.
I want you
to stay free.
The Word works if
you work
it. Get your spirit man fat
and
fluffy on the Word of
God.
Put a smile on your
face and a song on your heart. Jesus
loves you, and we love you. God
bless you all.
Bye-bye.